Support shape broadcasting in arithmetic operators (CPU & GPU) (#4348)
NVIDIA/DALI: docs/math.rst

    :rtype: TensorList of the type that is calculated based on the type promotion rules.

Broadcasting
------------

The term "broadcasting" refers to how tensors with different shapes are treated in mathematical
expressions. A value from a smaller tensor is "broadcast" so it contributes to multiple output
values. At its simplest, a scalar value is broadcast to all output values. In more complex cases,
the values can be broadcast along some dimensions if one of the operands has size 1 and the other is larger::

    [[A, B]] + [[D, E],   == [[ A+D,  B+E ],

>                 [F, G]]       [ A+F,  B+G ]]

Reviewer: :+1: - It has the advantage that the extents being broadcast are different, so there's less confusion. The text needs to be update accordingly.

the values can be broadcast along some dimensions if one of the operands has size 1 and the other is larger::

                [[D, E],       [[ A+D,  B+E ],
    [[A, B]] +   [F, G],   ==   [ A+F,  B+G ],
                 [H, J]]        [ A+H,  B+J ]]

In the example above, the operands have shapes of (1, 2) and (3, 2). The values from the array
[[A, B]] are broadcast along axis 0. It's possible that both operands are subject to broadcasting
along different dimensions::

                [[D],      [[ A+D,  B+D ],
    [[A, B ]] +  [E],  ==   [ A+E,  B+E ],
                 [F]]       [ A+F,  B+F ]]

In this example, the shapes are (1, 2) and (3, 1) - the first operand is broadcast along axis 0 and
the second is broadcast along axis 1.

Shape extension
===============

For convenience, if the arrays have different number of dimensions, the shapes are padded with outer unit dimensions::

    shape of A == (480, 640, 3)
    shape of B == (3)
    shape of A + B == (480, 640, 3)   # b is treated as if it was shaped (1, 1, 3)

Limitations
===========

The broadcasting operations in DALI can have only limited complexity. When broadcasting, the adjacent axes that need

> or don't broadcasting are grouped. There can be up to six alternating broadcast/non-broadcast groups. Example of grouping::

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
or do not need broadcasting are grouped. There can be up to six alternating broadcast/non-broadcast groups. Example of grouping::
```

Maybe? No sure tbh :)
